Update setup-remote-mcp.md (#8258)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/setup-remote-mcp.md

  | Header | Required | Description |
  | --- | --- | --- |
  | Token | Required | Your personal access token or service token from the <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>. <br/> **Note**: When using the Semantic Layer, it is recommended to use a personal access token. If you're using a service token, make sure that it has at least `Semantic Layer Only`, `Metadata Only`, and `Developer` permissions. |

>   | x-dbt-prod-environment-id | Required | Your dbt Cloud production environment ID |

Author: ```suggestion
  | x-dbt-prod-environment-id | Required | Your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> production environment ID |
```

  **Additional configuration for SQL tools**
  | Header | Required | Description |
  | --- | --- | --- |

>   | x-dbt-dev-environment-id | Required for `execute_sql` | Your dbt Cloud development environment ID |

Author: ```suggestion
  | x-dbt-dev-environment-id | Required for `execute_sql` | Your <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> development environment ID |
```
